I'll look into its eyes.
Hey, Morty, let's watch some interdimensional cable.
Remember how I used to do that?
Rick, I can't... I can't go on.
I can't go on like this with the true tortoise shit in my head.
I wish you could just...
Erase the memory from your mind.
How did you know I was gonna say that?
Come on, Morty. Come with me.
After you.
What the hell is this?
This, Morty, is my archive of all the experiences you've begged me to remove from your life,
lest you go insane.
I call them...
Mortys, mindblowers.
And we'll be doing this instead of interdimensional cable.
How long have I been asking you to remove memories?
Since the first time your mind was blown.
Ah, here it is.
Classic.
There's no dust on it because this isn't the first time we've done this.
What?
I call this one...
Moon Spiracy.
Huh, wow. That's incredible.
What the heck?
Morty, do you realize how ridiculous that sounds?
Yeah, pretty crazy story, Morty.
Are you serious?
Half the crap we've seen?
And you think that sounds crazy?
I've been to 300 versions of Earth's Moon, including this one, and I've never seen signs
of a regular dude as you describe him hanging out up there.
It's probably just a smudge on the lens.
Smudge on the lens?
Yeah, I think so.
It's probably just a smudge on the lens.
Smudge on the lens?
I know the difference between a man threatening me and a smudge on the goddamn lens, Summer.
Morty, calm down.
Are you feeling okay?
I'm fine.
So sensitive.
Kids, I'd like to introduce you all to our new guidance counselor, Mr. Loonis.
I look forward to helping guide you all towards a brighter future.
I believe every student should shoot for the Moon.
Got you now, you son of a bitch.
What's this?
Proof that Mr. Loonis isn't who he says he is.
Is not a guidance counselor?
I assume he's qualified to be one.
Who isn't?
But he also lives on the Moon.
Okay.
Is that it?
Is he doing anything to hurt anyone?
Oh, he's up to something.
I think I understand.
Up to something lives on the Moon.
Okay, I'll talk to him.
What did he say?
Tonight at the Moon Stuff, what that's what pedophiles do, they deny it's their bread and butter.
Pedophile?
You don't think so?
I thought the Moon thing might have been code.
No, he's literally from the Moon.
Well, you saw him react.
Moon or not, that dude likes him young.
Gordon Loonis was a good Marine.
We don't know what drove him to take his own life, but we want to remember the good things.
Like how from a certain angle some people would say, he looked like a smudge.
Oh my God, what have I done?
What have I done?
Jesus, I made that guy kill himself.
Only in a literal sense.
Here's one I call Morty's Menagerie.
They don't all have titles though.
It's not a Simpsons Halloween special.
More like a clip show made of clips you never saw.
I can't believe we got put into a Menagerie.
So this guy collects living beings?
Yeah, you know, like commemorative plates, but less off-putting.
You'll get it when you're still actively dating in your 40s.
That's this with cold indifference you beanie-headed brat.
Hey, keep it down.
Just our luck.
Menagerie beneath the boulder people of Granador 7.
I can't take it anymore, Rick.
Relax, Morty.
I can't relax.
Rick, we gotta get out of here.
I don't care what it takes, anything.
Anything?
Anything.
All right, well, you're gonna have to take off your shirt.
Not yet.
I'll tell you when.
Dear God.
What?
The signal turned out to be...
There's no other way to put it.
Instructions.
Four.
A vehicle, sir.
An interstellar vehicle.
We'll need a pilot.
I wonder if there's a volunteer.
Oh, the schematics specify a second smaller pilot.
I mean, they really specify smaller.
They have to be exactly 5'3".
Chang, you may have majored in liberal arts,
but I think you're about to make history.
Huh!
Primary systems check.
Auxiliary systems check.
See you soon.
Okay, now.
Greetings.
You're...
We've possessed forms your mind can accept.
Here are some customary clothing gifts.
Please, put them on.
May we...?
Of course, yes.
We followed your instructions.
We have so much to learn from you.
I know, right?
Okay.
Hey, how come I wasn't able to see those other people's memories?
I wouldn't have been around for that.
Yeah, sometimes I gotta do a little editing, Morty.
You know, it helps the mindblowers play a little bit better upon revisiting.
I call this one the hole in July.
Here, Morty, this will make your urine drinkable.
Now can we keep shopping?
Zixac.
Oh, shit, Morty. Get behind me.
It's a fucking alien overlord.
It's okay. Here.
Oh, I misjudged.
I'm flup-flupian. Please kill me.
That's right, Morty.
The flup-flupians achieve an eternal, orgasmic afterlife,
so long as they're killed by a great warrior.
I'm flattered, by the way. Thank you very much.
So you're gonna kill him?
Let's get some lunch first.
So, you wanna get shot in the head or...?
Well, as long as the wound is fatal, I don't really mind where you shoot me.
Cool. I'm gonna go take a quick shit.
Well, I gotta say, you know, I'm a little envious.
A species has an actual afterlife.
That's gotta be nice.
What do you mean?
Well, you know, here on Earth, we don't know what's going on.
It must be nice for you guys to, you know, have that...
have that proofs in the pudding, you know? Evidence?
Evidence? There's supposed to be evidence?
Um... yeah, uh...
You know, otherwise, how do you know if it's true?
Wait. You don't...
All right, so you wanna do this here or outside?
Run!
I don't wanna do it!
It's all real, all in a half-sport!
He said there wasn't any evidence!
There was a ton of evidence!
Well, silver lining. Now I know they're religions real.
They have a hell and it does not look good.
I noticed you never finished your chimichanga,
so I got some room for it now if you know what I mean.
Holy shit! How many of these are just horrible mistakes I've made?
I mean, maybe I'd stop making so many if I let myself learn from them?
Don't break your back creating a lesson, Morty.
It's a free-form anthology. I'm getting annoyed you're not hearing that.
As you can see around me, your mind's been blown countless times,
and not always by yourself.
Aw, shit, I don't even... this better not have been a good one.
What is this? Great booger aids? Aids booger.
I gotta start using real filenames.
In the meantime, enjoy a grab bag of mindblowers I call PoopAidsUnderscore.
I am not an unreasonable man, Beth Smith.
I know children are everything to a mammal.
I will spare one of their lives.
You simply have to chew them.
Summer! Summer!
I'm not gonna believe this. I went to Phoebe instead of Titan.
It's like, hello, Saturn. After ten moons, time to stop naming and start numbering, you know?
What's with you, assholes?
Morty, please, don't do this.
Your Morty is gone! I am Baltimore Dron, destroyer of the world!
Strip her right, there must be some scientific way to save this.
Not scientific. There may be a way.
Morty, I know you're in there. It's me, your grandpa.
I know I can be mean, but I love you, Morty.
We all do. You gotta fight this thing. I know you can't. You're stronger than all of us.
Morty, it's Bob. We love you. You have to fight it.
Come on, Morty. Fight that stupid worm thing.
I love you so much.
Yes, Morty. Come on. You're doing it.
You're doing it. You're doing it.
Should we pull it out?
No, don't touch it. Just keep loving Morty.
We still love you.
But I do have a thing. It's so good. Do I have to keep looking?
Jeez, Morty. Come on. Pinch it off already.
Don't move. Oh, God. Sorry, Morty. I love you.
Is there going to be an intermission?
Excuse me, but I ordered the large evil space worm.
I know. It's like, is that a demon slugging his thumb or are you just happy to know?
What? What are you doing?
Well, I guess it's nice to know the whole family sucks.
So if the blue ones are my fault and the purple ones are my family's, what are the red ones?
Yeah, don't read into it, Morty.
Shit. We need to find shelter before the sun sets, Morty.
Ventennial on 9 has a night temperature of 300 below.
We'll freeze, Morty. We'll be dead in a second.
I think I saw a cave over there.
Seen too many movies, Morty. A cave isn't going to cut it.
We're going to have to use Bebo.
Bebo let us to water. He's our friend.
He won't even feel it.
Oh, no, no, no.
You want to die, Morty? Get it, Bebo.
No, no.
Oh, no, no.
Freeze for the ice limit.
Here it comes.
Wait, are we on Vincential on 9 or Vincential on 7?
Wait a minute. Why would I ask for that to be removed?
Are the red ones stuff you wanted removed?
Oh, that's clever, Morty.
But I don't use color to sort things because I'm not a mouse in a European children's book.
Then why are all those pink ones by the liquor?
Liquor?
Shit, that was close.
We lost Captain Sky. He gave his life for the uprising.
Yeah. Really makes you think, huh, Morty?
We should never take things for granted.
What?
I'm just saying, life's short. We shouldn't take things for granted.
Are you saying granted?
Well, yeah.
It's granted with a D. Take things for granted.
Did you actually think it was Jesus Christ, Rick?
What are you, a boulder, a rock person?
How long have you been saying that wrong?
Oh, you like that.
I bet that really blows your mind.
I mean, yeah, it's kind of great.
You want me to erase it?
What? You can do that?
Oh, seriously.
You fucking knew it, you piece of shit.
You're a fucking asshole, Rick!
Well, take it easy, Morty. Come on. Just relax.
No, I'm not gonna fucking relax. Come here.
Go on, you little bitch.
What's going on?
Where am I?
Who are we?
Who am I?
You're a fucking asshole.
You're a fucking asshole, Rick.
Who are we?
Who am I?
I think I'm an adolescent boy.
Huh, and I'm an elderly man.
And we appear to be in some kind of secret, confined space.
Yeah, um...
Don't look at me like that.
For all we know, you could be the fucking weirdo.
These things are obviously storage units,
and since we can't remember what went wrong,
my guess is that the technology involves memory
and that this thing on your head is designed to...
Tell us the code, Jagoff.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
Pointless. You stonewalling.
Rick, if we don't unlock those vaccines, Earth dies.
You know, it might be time to step up your interrogation.
Not sure what you're implying, Morty,
but some lines I don't cross.
Yeah, well, I crossed every line I had when this bastard
tried to kill Jessica.
Fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off.
Okay, see those two fleshy sacks under his chin, Morty?
Grab him.
Remember the codes now?
Twist.
No!
Give us the codes.
Twist harder, Morty.
Harder.
Okay, let go, let go.
Let him breathe.
He wants to make a deal.
Half the codes now, half after you finish.
But can't we trust...
Wait, what?
Finish what?
You know.
I thought I was torturing him!
Oh, and this disappoints you.
Do I tell him we don't have a deal, Morty?
Because if we can kill our enemies,
but we can't check them off,
then how are we better than them?
Well, what did you find out?
We're partners, I guess,
and we fight aliens, like men in black?
Men in black, men in black.
I have men in black two in here.
So you get the general idea.
Not quite.
It's basically an endless string of callbacks.
All right, save it for YouTube.
I'll keep looking for clues.
What are you doing?
You want your shelf level or not?
And if I say yes,
you're gonna provide that for me with that?
Yes, see the bubble?
I'm familiar with the bubble, Morty.
I also dabble in precision,
and if you think you can even approach it
with your sad naked caveman eyeball
and a bubble of fucking air,
you're the reason this species is a failure,
and it makes me angry.
You're drunk.
You wanna put up a shelf, put up a shelf.
You wanna experience true level?
Do you?
Yes.
All right, come on.
Wow, it's so...
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, my God!
Oh, Christ!
Oh, yeah!
True level, bitch!
Morty, come on, we're leaving for school!
Oh, oh, oh, everything's crooked.
Reality is poison.
I wanna go back.
I hate this!
What's his deal?
Yes, yes, yes, yes, you're Morty, Morty, Morty!
Go to school summer.
I'll go and mourn his memory and do a little.
LAM's to the Cosmic Slaughter!
Well?
You seem to have some serious trouble
You seem to be in charge of what I get to remember.
Why?
Good question.
What?
Morty, I need darkness to prime these optical inductors.
Hit the leftmost light switch by the door for me.
The left...
...
Okay, lights on.
Ugh.
So, did I just hear three distinct light switch clicks?
W-w-what do you mean?
I feel like the three sounds I heard
could be explained by an initial erroneous flipping of a switch on the right,
followed by a hasty, corrective flipping of the requested switch,
then, during the resultant darkness and silence,
a third shameful un-flipping of the initially flipped switch.
Is my assessment accurate?
Yeah, that's...
...that's basically how it all shaked out.
I'm sorry.
Ugh.
Alright, come on.
What?
Come on.
Ugh.
That's it.
Grab a shovel.
W-w-what is...?
Grab a shovel!
What was that?
Can't find a goddamn zip-tie anywhere.
Alright, fuck it.
E patterns,
Yay! Zip-tie!
Why don't you make him do this for you again?
Who doesn't wish they could talk to animals, Rick?
Most humans.
There, I'm done. Just stay out of trouble.
Gotta keep moving. Can't stop up down, down up up up down, down up, stop down.
The queen needs food. The babies need food. The queen makes babies.
The situation in Argentina has proven less convenient than predicted.
We'll have to re-destabilize their economy.
We focus labor class outrage from upper to middle, foster a coup, and install a compliant regime.
Name is Guatemala?
Yes, but you can double-cut it.
We need a quorum to pick a new pope, in case the Exxon Monsanto thing falls through in Africa.
Why not use cabin trails?
Put a canopy on Uganda. They're said to agitate any mo-
What?
That kid is watching us.
So? We're squirrels. He's a kid.
He's watching us like he hears what we're saying.
Hey kid, young man, come here, little boy.
Tell Daphne to run a 1.99 on a possible due little.
Little boy, we'll give you wishes if you can hear us.
We can make you fly and get candy.
What the fuck?
Fuck me!
Shit, Morty, what did you do?
All right, Morty. Pack your shit.
That's only going to keep them down for a little bit, Morty.
You fucked the squirrels, Morty.
We got a good five minutes before they're backing up on our ass, Morty.
We have to pack up and move them to the next level.
We're going to get them.
We're going to get them before they're backing up on our ass, Morty.
We have to pack up and move to a new reality, Morty.
You know, we... I said we can only do that a couple of times.
We're fucked over here because of these damn squirrels, Morty.
I don't know what my reaction is, but I think I'm mounting in suspicion of you.
Well, what are you going to do?
I'm going to remember everything, everything.
What?
Well, what did you find out?
What are you going to do? Kill me?
No, I'm not going to kill you. I'm going to kill myself.
All those memories just erased sitting in this room collecting dust.
What's the point of going on if most of everything that happens just ends up sitting in here?
All right, kid. I don't know much aside from the fact that Men in Black 2 is a joyless cash grab,
but I do know that whatever you have brewing around in your noggin really connected with you.
I can't deny that, and I can't deny that I'm inspired by your passion.
I won in. Suicide-packed.
Yes, yeah, let's do it. Together, you old son of a bitch. On three. One.
Two.
You guys doing Morty's Mindblowers?
Morty's Mindblowers?
Grandpa, is this a scenario three?
Uh, what's that, and who are you?
Oh man, it's a scenario four.
Ugh, fucking goddammit. Don't get paid enough for this shit.
There's a craftsman nearby. I can smell it.
Whoa, wha-what?
Can I help you?
How did we fall asleep during interdimensional cable?
What the hell, Summer?
Summer, you dumb bitch.
How long were we out? You dumb bitch?
How much of an interdimensional cable did we miss Summer?
You stupid bitch.
Why did you let us fall asleep?
Stupid bitch.
All right, Morty. Fuck this noise.
Let's get out of here and go on a classic Rick and Morty adventure.
Yeah, all right, Rick. Come on in.
I wonder you're constantly fighting with each other behind schedule.
What?
Nothing.
Rick? Hello? Just here for my putter.
Jerry's mindblowers?
Follow the board.
Returns to the Indian Alpha Centauri, ready for transport.
They fell for it. Let's send Go-Bo home.
Where's Dad?
You should be here any second.
It's funny. Jerry spent his life seeking attention,
but in the end, humanity's instinctive dismissal of him saved an alien's life.
He knows where to go, right?
Yep. Any minute now.
Did it work? Did you guys get Go-Bo home?
You have Go-Bo. You were supposed to bring him to the hill.
As if. He was in your basket.
He was in your car.
Did you get any of that?